what this is what makes me curious
is that if there is a rascal and he enters and
he took the gun and the rogue left he has
what to think give to the best here is
another one asked for more or two more
clear gentlemen did not know that there was no
leave her the gun with which he
is supposedly defending
leave it on top of that car in the
marquee bone I still do not understand
I do not understand that but in order to continue
commenting then let's see the part
where Silvia asks him if he killed his
wife or we're not going to see her
I did everything the police that
I did that later came late
when you arrived here it was already late
the deceased
between the turns and until the puddle of
blood the floor the face bleeding
because my god you know why serious
I did not to one then to me
they made me a kayak and a group of
soul I have pal de gap
you understand that they were those same
rascals like what color you were not
I can say come the same rascal
are they or are not I really do not have the least
idea in that sense
for the other question
I want to leave him alone so that
you go see your daughters and before
I want to tell you if you maybe think
that it could be that they filed for you
Some charge that you think that you are the
murderer I personally do not have any
problem because I
voluntarily I went to the police murdered
his wife underworld
never and never was my companion as
after 19 years that we do not
we are a family nucleus with two
girls
it is not possible or it is not
but that the calm never would have left me
gone through the head is not in this no
we solve things with words
it's not a scream that my house is not
scream in my house
he does not put anyone in his hand
we are a family nucleus
that now we have to join in the
sense of catching this a little bit of
force for my daughters but
I'm really looking for help
psychiatric for both my daughters
as for me
because this is going to be this good
tedious I think it's going to be harder
because your paper is not federal
I do not know I do not speculate about that I
basically where I tell the truth or
be me when I went when I was
voluntarily look you know that
you do not have no no no no
for methods like you need to follow
cooperating with that is correct that is
Right
and well I'm crazy because to me
I would love to know that you find the
person if I will cooperate with all
necessary authorities and had and by
have as I did yesterday that I went like that
yes bayamón and there I was two hours
talking to the agents
and my lawyer was outside so I
I am a clear book that the person
that is saying that maybe you
I was with another person and maybe
because he wanted to get out of it is false is
false
even I am from my house my husband
I was sleeping
break
It's like a movie and I dance
I do not want to leave quiet so I can
go to look after their daughters
ladies and gentlemen now is that the
my analysis
miwa for television me kobbo santarrosa
nor naughty héctor
nobody is responsible or not
necessarily have to be of
according to what I am going to say here
Today I eat it, gentlemen, I do not believe you
this gentleman I'm not saying he did it
no no no no i'm not saying he did it
Never
but he is lying
Mr. Pablo
you say that he left the house and left
his sleeping wife asked him
asked tell me if it is true or not tell me
whether or not there is certain that you are
living in your parents' house tell me if
or not true that you did not live in that
tell me if I do not feel that you
they were separated
tell me if it is true or not that you arrive
that you arrive at the house
and tell me if it is true or not that his wife
I was there
and tell me if it is true or not that after
of the first two shots gentlemen look
Mrs. Carmen walls has close
between 12 to 14 shots one accurate in the
opposite another accurate in the chest and has
about 11 or 12 more in the whole body
the neighbors some say they heard
two other shots that you heard four
but more or less they are out there now yes
they did not hear if she has 14 shots
my question is gentlemen was used a
firearm with a silencer that is my
Question